Hello everybody i'm xxx and this is yyy
We are going to talk about Guinea pigs but we won't make it as a simple powerpoint presentation: it's going to be a FAQ:
frequently asked questions about guinea pigs.
It has already happened to everybody: You have that one friend who can't have a cat or a dog, but really wants a pet.
So, he buys a guinea pig, which sounds boring. Why ? Because when you go to a pet store, and you see Guinea pigs, they are just sitting there, waiting for food,
while a dog is so funny !
So, the only reason why you should buy a guinea pig is "they are really cute", which leads to our first question:

1) Are guinea pigs really cute ?
YES they are !
-> présentation des différentes races
-> origine: pas de guinée

Let's be more precise about what a guinea pig is:
Guinea pigs are rodent (=rongeurs). There are different kinds of guinea pigs
The first one is the Cavia.
There is the Galea, the Microcavia and an other couple ones that are really huge and don't really look like guinea pigs, so whatever
The wild guinea pig is well prepared to survive in the wild
They have a perfect camo, they are lively, fast, and live in groups of 20 to 45 guinea pigs,
which allows them to warn others in case of danger
They come from South America: They are called guinea pigs because when Colomb discovered them, he thought he was in India.


2) Do guinea pigs eat pizza ?
NON
-> présentation du régime alimentaire des chons
Guinea pigs are vegetarian and herbivore. They eat chicory, tomato, etc ...
Most of the time, they eat hay
They also are coprophagic, which means they eat their own poop !
They do that so they can digest all the vitamins contained in their food.



3) Is it true that guinea pigs always want to fight ?
YES AND NO
-> Présentation du comportement
-> différents bruits émis par le chon
-> cohabitation, gestes, etc ...

Well, guinea pigs are like woman, they use the same noise to express opposite behaviours !
One of the sound they make sounds like a "brr brr": it means differents things:
They are affraid, they warn other guinea pigs, you pet them and they like it, they want respect from other pigs...
They will also make a POUIK if ...
They are hungry, they want attention, they are exploring, they are scared ...
So, how do you know if he is hungry or if he is scared ... well, idk
So, are they fighting are not ?
It's one of the biggest issue with guinea pigs: if they live alone, they get stressed, they depress
so you have to find them a friend BUT they also want to be dominant, so they fight to show dominance ...
They also can be sad if there friend die, or jalous, ...
As you can see, it's not just a pet that stays in his cage, doing nothing all day, they have a lot of personality
Now, what about the behaviour against human ?
Which leads to the main behavious of the guinea pigs with human: squeeking for food when you open the fridge. Even if they are not hungry.


4) Can we eat guinea pigs ?
YES
-> certains pays en mangent

We won't talk a lot about it because i find it disgusting: Some country eat guinea pigs
for lunch ... That's all.

5) Can guinea pigs reproduce like rabbits do ?
YES
As soon as they are 3 mouths old, they can reproduce. They can bear baby piglets 2 to 4 times a year.
Their pregnancy last 64 days
As soon as they are born, guinea pigs are not like most of baby animals, they can walk, run, poop, eat, ...
Like a regular guinea pig
If you buy a female, ask the salesman to check if she's been with other male lately and check if she's pregnant, otherwise you could have a "kinder surprise"
a few days later

